My child is still here
What are you two talking about?
Mom, I don't like this service
Be good, drink first, Dad, then go back to the car and wait for Mom, okay?
You go back there
I can make money if I go here
We had to act so ugly before, right?
If I had offered an explanation at the time of the engagement, you would have agreed
If I'm still quiet, you'll die
But now I can look down on it
How can you make money if you don't do something wrong?
But if I don't have these things
We will go and we can be friends
But now
you make me feel to the core
How is it possible
I told you before
I don't hate
Now you make me have to ask for it
Let me beg you
Just let me go
No matter you are in the same industry
I will disclose our explanation of the engagement
The hot world has sent troops
if you still want
Put it in the leaking shadow
tell you